as for veganism during a societal
collapse or in some extreme survival
scenario I've said it before and I'll
say it again all bets are off in a true
survival scenario where it is actually
kill or be killed
especially if society as we know it has
fallen and there is epic chaos abound
you do what you need to do to ensure
your survival and a survival of those
that you care about even if that
requires forfeiting veganism even if
that also requires hunting and killing
fellow human beings for sustenance so
going back to what I said before I even
eat people in a true collapse all bets
would literally be off when is
kill-or-be-killed survival the fittest
etc this is why I lovingly refer to the
far-left
such as socialists or an Tifa as food
tear or prey tear people feel free to
hashtag those terms by the way those
bottom-feeders will provide a plentiful
source of sustenance if our typical food
supply were to deplete or become
inaccessible and there's not a damn
thing they'd be able to do a pata - -
they're slow either over or under weight
typically non-athletic weak cowardly
non-competitive etc easy friggin targets
but would you honestly expect anything
more from socialists dinner will be
served and we are witnessing the gradual
collapse of the West right now the
wheels are in motion and have been for
some time and this seems to be the
desire of those in power for one reason
or another many people today don't even
recognize the myriad threats that are
surrounding them and they likely won't
until something directly affects their
personal lives in some manner such as
their children becoming the victims of a
grooming gang on not someone else's they
are simply too comfortable and taken
care of at the present to really notice
care
or plan for the future themselves good
or bad people have generally become
domesticated entitled complacent etc you
have morons who will literally protest
for in favor of open borders and
globalism on one hand but hypocritically
despise and moan about historical
colonialism of say the British Empire on
the other hand let them and their
children if thief and half any and their
children's children etc drown in a sea
of piss and [ __ ] that they've allowed to
accumulate around themselves quite
literally in some cases like in
progressive San Francisco California
which is beginning to look more and more
like a third-world [ __ ] this reminds
me of a quote by Rorschach from The
Watchmen this city is afraid of me I
have seen its true face the streets are
extended gutters and the gutters are
full of blood and when the drains
finally scab over all the vermin will
drown the accumulated filth of all their
sex and murder will foam up about their
waists and all the [ __ ] and
politicians will look up and shout save
us and I'll look down and whisper no a
collapse is inevitable on our current
path if the West truly collapses the
pathetic degenerate useful idiots such
as screechie social justice warriors who
are part of the disease will die off by
one means or another likely as a
consequence of their boundless stupidity
and the estimated 10% who'd survive
would be your fittest and most
responsible a most resourceful most
intelligent and most resilient certainly
not what comes to mind when you think of
say antifoam commies third wave
feminists or low testosterone males like
those in BuzzFeed nature will take care
of business for us we need not lift a
finger and nature is a better
[ __ ] than any of us could ever
hope to be
baddest yen this may seem like an
unexpected comparison or frame of
reference for this video but I think
it's a necessary
and a useful one regular viewers of my
channel will know that lately I have
reached out to a vegan organization
called anonymous for the voiceless it's
also associated with the term cube of
truth I've reached out to them and I
offered to talk to basically anyone in
the organization I ended up talking to
someone who I'd say is at a mid level in
the organization something like a
Regional Director not just a normal head
of a chapter or not just a normal
participant but someone who's a few
rungs higher up the ladder someone who
is in pretty regular communication with
with Paul Bashir and in making excuses
for the problems within the organization
and I'm not saying that I don't know I'm
not saying that really is their approach
but part of what he was saying to me it
was offering excuses for problems
they've had or things that have gone
wrong something he said again and again
was these people are vegan they're doing
the best they can you have to assume
these are vegans their hearts are in the
right place they have good motivations
they're doing the best they can and I
stopped him more than once to say look I
really think you should question why it
is you're saying that and what that
really means now the guy I was talking
to knew me I think he'd seen a couple of
videos on my channel over the years in
that broad sense he he knew me but he
wasn't a regular if you were my channel
and I was able to offer him sort of
challenging examples I said you know on
my channel I have videos criticizing
neo-nazis who happened to be vegan you
know really ardent passionate supporters
of Adolf Hitler who are vegan if you'd
seen any of those videos and if you
thought about even what those people are
trying to do within the movement some of
them are not so overt with what their
political agenda really is their
influence is more insidious than it is
sort of direct and earnest do you really
think you'd be you'd be saying this and
you know naturally it was sort of a
response like well yeah yeah let's let's
move on to the topic
and here I think that is for anyone
who's in this movement seriously for the
long term I think that's really worth
thinking about pretty seriously and then
later this came up again and I said well
you know we've both had this experience
with during writers we both lived
through it we're both touched by this
you know unbelievable unfolding disaster
within veganism that was the the
durianrider incident that for me ended
up being a court case and so on and so
forth um would you make these excuses
for durianrider that you know you just
assume these people have only good
intentions knowing nothing else about
the situation except that they are vegan
it's the most obvious thing in the world
that you know vegans are people too but
maybe all of us want to buy into this
myth that there's some fund of it some
fundamental value of compassion empathy
I don't know maybe that there's a kind
of transcendental realization like that
we transcend the culture were born into
the conditioning that eating meat is
normal drinking dairy as normal and
you're expecting to have some kind of
profound kinship with these other people
where you can you know in that sense
just assume that they have good
intentions though I say this in the
context of you my viewer having just
watched about 4 minutes and 20 seconds
of a vegan bodybuilder fantasizing about
murdering and eating other human beings
when the collapse of Western
civilization comes there's a lot more
that I could say about Cory McCarthy
there's a lot more that I could say
about Tara McCarthy and there are
specific points made in this video I
could refute as if they needed to be
refuted
you know his alleged parallelism between
like illegal immigrants arising arriving
from Mexico and the expansion of the
British Empire through actually invading
and conquering countries and engaging in
the slay
trade and buying and selling opium sorry
have you heard British Empire was built
on slavery and opium unlike the illegal
everybody should problem or even he's
even against the legal immigration
problem course anyway it is it's what it
but you know for this video tonight I
really want to leave it at that most
simple and and fundamental warning
there's a there's an old folk song by
Woody Guthrie that ends with a warning
some men will rob you with a six-gun and
some with a fountain pen there are
people who have really damaged this
movement from within in my opinion
people like Peter Singer who did it
while wearing a suit and writing books
and engaging in scholarly you know
discourse and forums it utterly
respectable veneer but I got it I got to
tell you you know I think Peter Singer
is a terrible human being and I think
that shows in his philosophy in his
words and his deeds and his whole career
and the impact he's had on veganism
short term and long term is terrible
it's tremendously negative someone like
freelee the banana girl was you know I
don't know ostensibly respectable or
ostensibly appealing she was promising
to help people lose weight and feel
great and all these things and she
seemed harmless enough you know jumping
around in her in her bikini
people like freely and her former
boyfriend durianrider tremendously
negative impact on vegan has been
tremendously negative impact on
particular vegans and aspiring vegan
activists you know myself included all
around the world drag the name of
veganism through the mud and has had a
negative impact a negative legacy I'm
still dealing with to this day I'm still
dealing with for example visa vie in in
relation to you know Paul Bashir and
anonymous to the voiceless in these
these other things the the conversations
I have with other activists
about getting organized they're still
tainted by that legacy not all racists
are going to be so overt and so clumsy
and so offensive as Cory McCarthy you
can see the earlier videos on this
channel if they're not blocked or
censored in your region as many of them
are now you can see him stating
unbelievably obvious offensive things
that nobody really needs to refute you
can see him indulging in the same kind
of power fantasy on other topics you can
see that simply simply put he's a bad
person he's a bad influence within
veganism he would be a bad leader he
absolutely should be shut out of any
kind of leadership position or or
position of influence but you know there
are a lot of other really worrying
sources of influence and sometimes
they're gonna appear as genteel
spiritual gurus and sometimes they're
gonna appear in a business suit with a
fountain pen and I'm worried I'm worried
because I've received emails from so
many people who told me that they
believed in Cory McCarthy until they saw
my video exposing him as a racist as
someone who was Pro genocide and pro
British Empire and who held these
unbelievable views about you know no
social Darwinism white supremacism etc
etc you know and this the problem isn't
that that I appreciate getting that kind
of fan mail okay thank you I've talked
to some of those people for whom I was
you know my videos were more useful that
way the problem is that they had that
faith in him in the first place the
problem isn't that my channel played
this pivotal role in debunking
durianrider the problem is that that guy
used to sit on his kitchen floor
nattering inko
you know ranting like a madman and he
was still regarded as totally credible
in the vegan move I still had to go
through this process of challenging him
debating him if you like and debunking
him that people had to have their eyes
open and again of course I've gotten fan
mail thanking me for that and now of so
another a very different example someone
like unnatural vegan still to this day I
get email on Facebook messages and this
kind of thing thanking me and people
saying wow I didn't realize the extent
to which what unnatural vegan is
promoting is really aunty vegan or
incompatible with veganism or it's kind
of undermining veganism and and
destroying it from within okay guys I
know some of you gonna be disappointed
you thought maybe come here and see me
poking fun at Cory McCarthy and Tara
McCarthy having a laugh at their expense
but I've got to say the feeling that all
the the madness within the movement
leaves you with in the end it's no
laughing matter
ah da new yen